Now to add separator slides separating each product category and
type. You'll see how to use another slide layout,
which is the section header.
You'll see how to set heading text to these section headers slides as well.
To do this, back in the code, inside this method addSectionHeaderSlide,
get the slide masters of the PowerPoint presentation and the default slide
master. And call the getLayout method on it, passing in
SlideLayout.SECTION_HEADER enum constant this time.
Then on the PowerPoint, create a new slide, passing in the section header layout.
Now with this layout applied,
the slide will have two headings. Access the first one by
calling the getPlaceholder method, passing in 0.
To this, set the titleTxt that's passed into the addSectionHeaderSlide method.
Access the second one by passing 1 to getPlaceholder method.
Set its text with the subTitleTxt that's passed into
the addSectionHeaderSlide method.
Now, you've done what's required to create section
header slides in the presentation. You can see these applied after a few more clips.